Ben, you are a stunningly positive individual. From the moment you stepped into class you have been a bundle of charm. Your Math executing
program to compute basic arithmetic from the command line is inspired. I especially like that your objected oriented character designs factored in
so many parameters. It is praise-worthy how often I see you work with and cheer on your peers. You made an awesome spy. Enjoy the rest of
your summer.

Connor, there is no shred of doubt in my mind that, should you wish it, you will make an impressive Software Engineer. Your ability to grasp and employ key ideas is nothing short of prodigious. I expect nothing less from someone who runs their own Minecraft server. Your interface for the management and care taking of pets really shows your passion for animals. Go on to accomplish great things this summer, and long ever after.

Forest, I appreciate how quickly you take certain concepts and heavily elaborate on their implementation. It's to be prized how your battle simulator features a class picker, a way to start another battle, and methods to differentiate enemy specifications. Your ability to expand on concepts you are taught is only exceeded by your ability to teach yourself entirely new ones. Take these skills and continue to harness them and make things that impress all those around you. It was a pleasure to have been able to celebrate your birthday with you this week.

Jake you are a ton of fun. Playing the different iterations of your program has made me laugh time and time again. You are a joyful presence that will bring light to any environment that is lucky enough to have you. Your determination to get your programs as far as they could go is remarkable. You have splendid Lego building skills, Keep on being you.

Maggie, it is thrilling to see you come out of your shell. I enjoy how your adventure game has so many funny and unexpected endings. There are so many wonderful things out there, these skills have given you many more ways to understand and enjoy them. The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet. I'm very proud of how much you've learned in so short a time. Have a great summer.

Mateo, It is inspiring to see your eyes light up and the smile on your face when you solve a problem. You are an absolute joy to teach. You started this week completely inexperienced and concerned of your capacity to progress; hold your head high, you can now end it knowing you understand so many core programming concepts that you made your own runnable application, with an epic mp3 to play along with it! Take these skills you've learned and apply them: Make your battle simulator work with the dragons in your final project, create your own music player, or modify your favorite game, Minecraft. That Redstone elevator you constructed is fantastic.

Nora, your music playing buttons program is simultaneously funny, entertaining, and outstanding. Your persistent interest and progress is terrific to behold. I know you will make the most of the knowledge you have accrued. Learning is very hard and completely worth it. Fortune favors the brave and persistent. Have a wonderful summer.

Zachary, your focus is astounding. If everyone could take a simple notion and sculpt it into as many distinct inspired ideas as you, this world would have no need for words like predicament or dilemma. You are a great listener, an ardent Minecraft player, and yet still an even more dedicated student. This week may be over, but your education continues, best wishes.
